48 hours ago we found something quite
remarkable what they find there's a
structure in Antarctica and a specimen
very touching now this is Kate Lloyd's
Columbia Phil ontology let me show you
why you threw 10,000 was West mate has
been here 100 thousand years I'm going
to take a tissue sample do you really
think that's a good idea
yes I do you my friends will all be
immortalized as the people who made this
discovery chair
my god somebody was attacked but it
seems everyone is fine either someone
miraculously healed themselves if
someone is not who they say they are
what was it doing to its how much eating
itself I think this thing copies its
prey and then hides inside it what are
you saying not all of us are human could
be any of us we can't have this thing
leave if it makes it out of here
millions of people could die